TDP-3838 Add the error message when voice-v2 rate-limit is reached (#347)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/verbs/transfer.md

| diversionReason        | (optional) Can be any of the following values: <br>`unknown`<br>`user-busy`<br>`no-answer`<br>`unavailable`<br>`unconditional`<br>`time-of-day`<br>`do-not-disturb`<br>`deflection`<br>`follow-me`<br>`out-of-service`<br>`away` <br><br>This parameter is considered only when `diversionTreatment` is set to `stack`.  Defaults to `unknown`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

When the called party hangs up, if the `transferCompleteUrl` attribute is specified, the [TransferComplete](../callbacks/transferComplete.md) callback is sent to the `transferCompleteUrl`,

> this callback is also sent if any problem occur with the transfer, such as [rate limiting](../../rateLimits.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this callback is also sent if any problem occurs with the transfer, such as the callee is busy, doesn't answer, or the call gets [rate limited](../../rateLimits.md).
```

Reviewer: I wonder if we should reference this paragraph from the `transferCompleteUrl` field description and say something like "Optional but highly recommended.  See the paragraph below for further details'

Author: Added a link in the field.
